To Do List:

1. Mkay, it's prettied up...now to get this bad person online. 
Okay, so I transferred the domain to Google, but Google says they need to ask SquareSpace to transfer that shite.
According to SquareSpace, I STILL NEED TO CANCEL SERVICE WITH THEM after this is transferred!

Here's the Google Cloud ID for the Project: Resume-Site 37384 ( or joe-k-resume-site, idk yet).
(It says the ProjectID is : joe-k-resume-site and teh project number is: '210884010076')
Here's the Google Engine Standard Documentation site: https://cloud.google.com/appengine/docs
Here's the Checksum for the Google Cloud if we need it: 87603d6bd183979bf907e96139dc4e988999db09a5d0a4e44efac05e71ba3440


So apparently if you want flexbox to work sometimes, you just need 'wrap'...not row wrap or column wrap...the hell?

Also, to make the Youtube vids work, you have to put EMBED in the links before the unique ID.

Welp, I have a premium account on IMGBIN now for good ass PNGS...

Having a really shitty time turning SVGs from PNGs on GIMP and elsewhere....it keeps losing color and shit.
Downloading InkScape to see if that will work well...

To close all code sections in VS Code, press CTRL + K + 0
or Command + k + 0 in Mac

How to get this website online: 
Overview Steps:
STEP1: By a name with Google Domains,(or find out how to transfer with SquareSpace).
STEP2: Go to the Google Cloud Developer Console to create a new Project with a Project ID(HOLD ON TO PROJECT ID)
STEP3: You need two files that you need in the root to any site you want to deploy to Google Cloud, (Todd has em', it's a YAML file 
and something else and MAIN.go)
STEP4: in the YAML file, put the Cloud Project ID in the 'application' spot
STEP5: deploy project, (go to terminal with that phrase Todd has in the video)
STEP6: You can find website at the appID.appspot.com
STEP7: You need to change the DNS info at Google domains. You have to point your domain to the appengine project 
STEP8: FOR ABOVE, go to Google Domains, go to manage my domains, configure DNS, then 'domain forwarding',(watch the video, it might 
have changed from when Todd did it last).

IN-DEPTH STEPS
STEP 1: Go to Google Domain and search some domains,(or go through SquareSpace, you got the code from them.)
You could try 'domain name generator' or something clever to generate a website name
STEP 2: Google is a CDN...content Delivery Network...servers everywhere to deliver your stuff. It's better cuz it's a lot
of servers everywhere.
STEP 3: Go to Google Cloud. Go to Platform as a service,(App Engine, IIAS). Click on View App Engine Docs
Select standard Golang environment. https://cloud.google.com/appengine/docs
You gotta download and install the SDK
STEP 4: Download, click go 64 bit. There's a checksum to make sure you downloaded the correct thing.
STEP 5: Launch the installation, extract the zip or whatever,(I'm gunna put it in the D drive).
STEP 6: There should be a GOENGINE you can click into. You need to add the environment variables to the folder path.
STEP 7: You need to check if Python is installed: In the bash, type in the following: python -v. YOU NEED PYTHON 2.7 (Maybe unintsall and RE-install)
STEP 8: Set Path Variable for AppEngine. Go to Enviornment Variables. Watch 'Publishing your site- Google Cloud' at 10 mins to see that. Restart 
machine after that. (The next video has him setting the environment vairalbe another way for Python). He's got the links for this nonesense
in his lesson notes.
STEP 9: Create a Project at developer console. Click Create Project, take note of the ID as well.
When you deploy, you'll be able to see it at the project name, the project name, and the uniqueID.
STEP 10: Make sure you have the Go and the YAML files. Insert the APP ID in the YAML,(with the project title)
STEP 11: cd into the prject and type goapp deploy...maybe...you might just have to follow the doucmentation
or watch this dude again. Go to the Doc in Go App Engine Standard Enviornment. Look at this dude's notes and doucmentation.
STEP 12: Need to assossiate name with Server. Go to Google Domains and 'Configure DNS'. Go to App Engine Area, and point it to the 
App Engine ID. Maybe you can try to serve the email as well in the settings.



Can maybe do this on the Raspberry Pi? Need to install Go and Python?
